Add llpkg.goplus.org document (#13)
seri037/llcppg: llpkgstore.md

## llpkg.goplus.org

This service is hosted by GitHub Pages, and the `llpkgstore.json` file is located in the same branch as GitHub Pages. When running `llgo get`, it will download the file to `LLGOMODCACHE`.

### Function

1. Provide a download of the mapping table.
2. Provide version queries for Go Modules corresponding to C libraries.
3. Provide links to specific C libraries on Conan.io.
4. Preview the structure of `llpkg.cfg`.

### Router

1. `/`: Home page with a search bar at the top and multiple llpkgs. Users can search for llpkgs by name and view the latest two versions. Clicking an llpkg opens a modal displaying:
   - Information about the original C library on Conan
   - A preview of its `llpkg.cfg`
   - All available versions of the llpkg
2. `/versions.json`: Provides the mapping table download.

**Note**: llpkg details are displayed in modals instead of new pages, as `versions.json` is loaded during the initial homepage access and does not require additional requests.

### Interaction with web service

> When executing `llgo get clib@cversion`, the tool will:
> 1. Download `versions.json`
> 2. Parse it to find matching entries
> 3. Download the specific llpkg files for the matched cversion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When executing `llgo get clib@cversion`, the tool will:
1. Fetch latest `versions.json`
2. Convert `cversion` to `module_version` according to the mapping table
```

Author: Done at 1e2f47c.
